what's up youtubers and brawlers it's me
back in mana collector are and I just
got back from the bakugan battle league
is it was at toys r us only it was like
300 toys r us across the united states i
think and they were doing like these
tournament thing and when i walked in i
got this thing a membership card see an
official membership card as a signature
they're like sign my name right there
welcome brawler and BBL setting for a
bucket under a little league and this is
a dare toys r us pictures of Dragonoid
here's the back side of the membership
card only at toys r us the next one will
be in August twenty-eighth so yeah it's
so you should check it out go to bakugan
battle league com that's what that's a
sight I think our go-to barking uncom so
so also i got this book a bakugan battle
league book tion or eight so you choose
a side like medicine or ace this is you
decide i put my name on there and this
is buck and battle II like the lace
on league day one so now open up
there's a story what happened like and
then you decide what side of the story
you choose it either should our ace who
goes rescue mucho like their lose the
website so okay you battle people and
they give you stamps so i choose shun
because shouldnt is awesome and he's
like a ninja like there's like rules
right there blah blah blah and i only
got three stamps at toys r us there's
only three kids their battle link so it
was kind of lame and there's another
beauty call you can get the next time
toys r us
so oh yeah knows of crossword puzzle but
I didn't do it if I would have done it
and completed I could have gotten more
points Bakugan dimensions there's a
thing did you did you know mm-hmm
dimensions there's the rule book
my membership card yay so I bring it in
next time to show them that I was here
and also they gave me this special card
a BBL it has brooch on it whoo it's gold
and shiny it's kind of cool I'm gonna
put it in my Bakugan book and the
barking ons I used for the tournament
where these guys okay these are the
cards i use Babu mix reference card uh
battles neighbor quaint Dragonoid doom
card shiny devil this is awesome
magnetic action practice color storm
copper launcher I did a big game also
and so I got two stems copper spear
filled up dread cordle's turf hellstorm
steady land as a picture of line hottest
awesome gloomy gate and I like the Hades
on there so these are the cars I've got
and I'm short this is pretty cool so I'm
going to have these in my collection of
Awesome cards so here the bakken got the
battle savor my dark is derek 750 G's
stark is scorpion Wyatt I brought three
traps in case my fortress
metal fencer metal fencer Mike quake
dragon a 1000 geez whoo it's pretty
awesome to use in a tournament helix
Dragonoid 800 G's aqua most 800 G's I
customized eyes so it's red look like
the show dark is our nut 680 g darkest
neo Dragonoid 6 40 G's am I Subterra
saboteur 8 30 G's so those are the
things I used in the tournament and this
is about it and please subscribe me
please and comment thumbs up that's
about it brawler's oh and I also got
this wristband as a prize BBL bakugan
battle league toys r us and there's the
six attributes lined up along it says
only at toys r us bakugan BBL for
bucking battle league so here's a wrist
bands pretty cool i'll try it on that's
what i got as a prize but then that they
say that prize just get bigger in the
next tournament next one lb August
twenty-eighth just as a reminder so
that's about it so yeah